README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Product preview card component solution

This is a solution to the [Product preview card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/product-preview-card-component-GO7UmttRfa). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continuing development](#continuing-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for interactive elements

### Links

- Solution URL: [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/responsive-product-preview-card-component-vbq7fh6USN)
- Live Site URL: [Github Pages](https://eaknott.github.io/product-preview-card-component/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

This project was a good review of basic HTML and CSS flexbox with responsive mobile design in mind. 

### Continuing development

Keeping accessibility in mind throughout my work flow in each project.
- alt attributes for all img tags with alternative text describing the image
- using HTML landmarks for users using screen readers 
    <header>
    <nav>
    <main>
    <aside>
    <section>
    <footer>

### Useful resources

- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27853884/media-queries-and-image-swapping) - This helped me when I need to change the image src when loading in a mobile screen version.
- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/accessibility/accessibility_landmarks.php) - This article was helpful in learning the importance of using landmarks for accessibility.

## Author

- Website - [Emily Knott](https://www.emilyknott.com)
- Github - [eaknott](https://github.com/eaknott)
- Frontend Mentor - [@eaknott](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/eaknott)

Commit message:

Add notes on What I learned

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Product preview card component solution

This is a solution to the [Product preview card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/product-preview-card-component-GO7UmttRfa). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continuing development](#continuing-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for interactive elements

### Links

- Solution URL: [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/responsive-product-preview-card-component-vbq7fh6USN)
- Live Site URL: [Github Pages](https://eaknott.github.io/product-preview-card-component/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

This project was a good review of basic HTML and CSS flexbox with responsive mobile design in mind. 

I often forget to include height and width properties in the body of CSS in order to properly center containers on the page.

Frontend Mentor also gave me very helpful notes on better practices for Accessibility.

### Continuing development

Keeping accessibility in mind throughout my work flow in each project.
- alt attributes for all img tags with alternative text describing the image
- using HTML landmarks for users using screen readers 
    <header>
    <nav>
    <main>
    <aside>
    <section>
    <footer>

### Useful resources

- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27853884/media-queries-and-image-swapping) - This helped me when I need to change the image src when loading in a mobile screen version.
- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/accessibility/accessibility_landmarks.php) - This article was helpful in learning the importance of using landmarks for accessibility.

## Author

- Website - [Emily Knott](https://www.emilyknott.com)
- Github - [eaknott](https://github.com/eaknott)
- Frontend Mentor - [@eaknott](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/eaknott)
